hey everyone my name is Eric Somerville
and I just want to give you a quick
tutorial I've been getting a lot of
questions on trimming I'll show you
three different kinds of controls and
how to properly trim your quadcopter or
helicopter and a lot of these will carry
on over into airplanes as well so if
you're a beginner flier pay attention
because this is really important to get
good flight performance out of your
aircraft okay some of the things that
will cause quad copters to be out of
trim is you know sometimes when you
crash these the blades get bent so you
know one blade might not be performing
as well as the other so you might need
to allow some trim so it doesn't drift
off to the side other things would be
like stronger motors maybe one motor
slightly stronger than the other ones or
one might be weaker than the other ones
um then you can trim and get that back
in balance
one other thing is weight distribution
this is a really small quad so you're
not going to be attaching anything to
this one but if you have a larger quad
you're putting cameras on or antennas
sometimes the weight distribution will
be off and you can trim to get it back
in balance and I'll show you how to do
that so for the cheerson this one I
reviewed I'll put a link to the video
over here this one does have trim tabs
they're very tiny but they still do work
so the way I like to do it is you first
want to get the quadcopter up hovering
off the ground just a you know maybe a
couple feet and that's very important
when you're trimming your helicopter or
quadcopter not to do it close to objects
like a couch or a wall because that's
gonna create turbulence and it's not
going to be you're not going to get an
accurate trim so make sure it's out in
the open away from any large objects so
now that you have your quadcopter or
helicopter hovering you're going to want
to pay attention to what inch inputs
you're putting in to keep it hovering in
one spot so if mine's really out of trim
and I'm having to put a lot of right
adjustment in then go ahead and land it
and then put trim tab in the direction
that you were correcting in so I'm
putting a lot of write control in put a
lot of trim in and then go ahead and
take it off again and see if that fixed
the problem now as you get better at
trimming you can actually trim while
it's
in the air a lot of people like to trim
it when it's flying but if you're first
getting started I would just take it off
find out what direction you're needing
to put corrections in to keep it level
and then go ahead and land it make your
adjustments and then take it off again
now different controllers are going to
have different trim tabs but they all do
the same thing this is a cyma controller
and the nice thing about some of these
bigger controllers is you can actually
see how much trim you're correcting for
so as you put in trim you can see the
little bar down here you can see your
trim get higher and higher okay so for
this example let's say your helicopter
is out of trim so what you're gonna do
is with your trim tab here you're gonna
correct this until you get that tail
nice and steady and that's how you trim
and the same goes for side side back and
forth so that's my tutorial on how to
trim your helicopter quadcopter and if
you guys have any questions please leave
them in the comments below I do my best
to try to respond to everyone I hope you
guys found this helpful if you guys like
my video please thumbs up and if you
want to subscribe to watch some reviews
please subscribe to my channel where I
review both of the syma and this
cheerson quadcopter thank you